Seguretat : Com recolectar logs per reportar a Kaspersky  

1.  [Seguretat](index.md)
2.  [Pàgina d'inici de la Unitat de Seguretat](15368362.md)
3.  [Projectes Unitat de Seguretat](Projectes-Unitat-de-Seguretat_41517821.md)
4.  [Antivirus en servidors](Antivirus-en-servidors_64980041.md)
5.  [Pilot de Kaspersky en EACAT](Pilot-de-Kaspersky-en-EACAT_64980047.md)

Seguretat : Com recolectar logs per reportar a Kaspersky
========================================================

Created by Ivan Caballero, last modified on 24 marzo 2022

**Este punto se debe realizar y en el punto 3 "provocar" el problema observado.**

El punto 1 se tiene que hacer con el cliente de kaspersky activado.

Los logs ocupan 2,5GBytes en cada máquina y van rotando.  
  
1\. Create a log/kaspersky folder or delete its contents if it already exists.  
_rm -rf /var/log/kaspersky//.log_  
2\. Enable detailed trace logging.  
_kesl-control --set-app-settings TraceLevel=Detailed_   
3\. Reproduce the issue.   
4\. Disable detailed trace logging.  
_kesl-control --set-app-settings TraceLevel=None_  
  
  
  
  
**Este punto se puede realizar en cualquier momento sin necesidad de reproducir el problema.**  
Collect basic diagnostic information using the collect.sh script. For instructions, see [this article](https://support.kaspersky.com/collect). Instrucciones a continuación:  
  
To create the report:  
1\. Download the archive with the script: [collect.tar.gz](https://box.kaspersky.com/f/00a1a6d8beb24554a72d).  
2\. Copy the archive to the computer on which the product that doesn’t work correctly is installed.  
3\. Extract the files from the archive:  
\# tar -xzf collect.tar.gz  
4\. Set the rights for running the script:  
\# chmod +x collect.sh  
5\. Run the script with the administrator rights:  
\# ./collect.sh  
The report will be created in folder /tmp/$HOST\_NAME-collect.tar.gz.  
  
  
To find the created trace file, use the following path:  /tmp/\*-collect.tar.gz

Document generated by Confluence on 07 junio 2025 00:08

[Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com/)